---
layout: post
title: 'Profiting from Disruption'

---

As a whole, I have noticed that auxiliary services tends to forget that even though we are in a contract, we are still customers. This summer, whenever there is a conference services guest in NAAE, we constantly have noise problems. I understand that the money raised theoretically helps decrease the money we pay elsewhere, but there is no reason that the guests have to be so disruptive.
The main problems we have with these guests is that they make noise at all hours in the NA courtyard, and also constantly cause the door buzzer to go off not just briefly, but for long periods of time.

The solution to this problem is twofold:
<ol>
	<li>First notify summer residents before we are locked into contract what groups will be staying in the areas right next to us when, and any planned disruptions (such as closing the NA gym or Woodruff) so that we are fully informed of what will be going on.</li>
	<li>In addition to a simple notification of how much the facilities around us will be used, make sure a 24/7 contact number to someone who can actually fix things is provided to us. As part of this contact, make sure it is in the guests' contracts that after being warned once about an issue, that if further complaints are received there are financial repercussions for the group such as fines.</li>
</ol>
Also remember that a very small percentage of the student population lives here in the summer and bears all of the disadvantages of the decreased costs for everyone else. If us the primary customers find the guests to be disruptive, do what any good business would do and compensate us for it. Doesn't even have to be cash, we would be happy with coupons for the food court or similar whenever there is a disruptive group. It would also be helpful to be able to see a hard number on what each group saves us each personally in other costs.
