---
layout: post
title: 'The Wave'

---

I'm on a large ship, sitting on the deck, talking to her. Out at sea, you can see the true night. Looking in all directions, nothing but a black pool and a gray pool meeting on the horizon. We look up, and see not just tiny sparking dots, but years and years into the past. Each dot is a story of it's own, the slight pulsing a morse code of the sky.

The wind blows ever so slightly, rustling my hair, but making hers flow. I gently place it back, and she smiles. We are sitting there, enjoying, but the wind begins to pick up. I can no longer see her face through the strong wind, and it continues to get louder and heavier. It begins to pour, and we scamper for cover. But there is none to be found. We've been out so long all the doors have gone away, into the time of the stars. It's all ok though, she is here.

We hold on to the ground with our feet, but our heads are moving in the wind. Even the glimmer of the stars is gone now, a black sky on a black horizon on a dark, distant pool of grey. But it's all ok though, she is here with me. The large ship is like a rubber duck in the heavens, entirely small, insignificant and out of place. The duck bobs in the sea, and somehow stays afloat. But then the sea opens up, the waves are high on both sides, we are in a canyon, the parting of the red sea, underwater but still breathing air. Eventually, the ship can hold no longer, the floor repels my feet, all I can hold is her.

We tumble around, attached to nothing but everyone. Everyone is here, is watching from the tips of the waves as we swim into them. At first, I struggle, I start to slip, the current pulls me away, but she grabs tighter still and starts swimming. Swimming not like a woman, but like a dolphin in the waves. We float up the wave, as the ship below is swallowed, the white foam on the tips of the waves cheering us on. And we float up to the tip, and hang there, in eternity, now with the sea, floating towards the stars.
