---
title: Georgia Tech Office of Student Integrity process
date: 2013-04-06 15:41 EDT
tags: georgia tech
---
Link to incident report: https://docs.google.com/file/d/0Bxa0rOYB2icseGRYYWtBaTZVVjg/edit?usp=sharing

Recently, I went through the Office of Student Integrity committee process, with Peter Paquette handling my case, and found it less than stellar. Please note I was found not responsible on all charges, so this is not an appeal to the decision, but an appeal to your reason and the efficacy of the system.

The initial point of contact is a very sparse, impersonal, form letter. It is a mail merge of the general charges against you, with no context whatsoever. I wasn’t even sure to which class or professor it pertained. It also requires a phone call as the action item, buried in the text with little information other than “a meeting must be scheduled”. Ideally, the letter should address the student by starting with some context and possibly a link to the relevant case file, and end with the call to action and more information on what contacting the Honor Advisory Council is good for. In my case, this email was a surprise and the first I had heard of the issue being referred to O.S.I. For this reason, it would be helpful for the form letter to be gentler and very explicit in what is expected.

At the meeting, a bias towards the administrative resolution path was presented. , I was promised further information on the process going forward, but it was never delivered. I also discovered that the Office of Student Integrity website does not have useful information on the academic misconduct process, or an explanation of rights (Section D.4.b).

After that meeting, OSI failed to communicate with me in any respect from February 13th through March 20th. This includes a failure to respond to an email I sent on March 13th asking for an update on the timetable or procedure. Furthermore, I had to make an additional request via email for a copy of the incident report after having requested it in person.

In regards to the hearing, I was never asked for any preference in scheduling,  nor was I presented possible options (Section D.5.b.3). Although 5 *business* days notice was provided, only 4 school days notice were provided, as the notification was sent during spring break while I was out of the country and without email access. 

Upon entering the conference room for the hearing and opening the accused's folder, I discovered an additional, unexpected charge of "Unauthorized access". I brought this to the attention of Brandi, who disavowed any responsibility for assembling the case even though she was overseeing the hearing. I was told to plead “not responsible”, which is not the proper response to unexpected charges as it implies understanding the charge and could be construed as dishonesty increasing the severity of sanctions if found responsible. The proper plea in this case should be “no contest” or silence, not “not responsible”. The addition of unannounced charges flies directly in opposition of the spirit of the code of conduct sections D.5.b.3 and D.4.b, as well as due process.

Additionally, I think this incident has raised some serious questions about the ways in which I share my academic accomplishments in what amounts to my professional portfolio. I would like clear precedent to be set on the post-assignment sharing of code generated by a student and during group projects, to both the Georgia Tech community and the software community at large. The professor maintained in conversation that he retains the intellectual property for the assignment and by extension my submission. My peers have expressed many times that they feel there are very few established regulations and recommendations regarding the use of collaborative version control tools such as Github during and after class assignments.

The code of conduct procedure also seems to be lacking in efficiency by not allowing the option of quick administrative resolution while still allowing an appeal to the committee to be made. This would free the resources of the committee in cases where the accused feel that they have a very clear and simple solution to resolve their case without giving up due process and adjudication by peers.

I also grant permission for any and all documents and recordings pertaining to this case to be shared with the general public or any Georgia Tech community member for the furthering of this discussion.

I hope you find this discussion useful and insightful, and a view into the process from a student's perspective that you usually would only receive in the case of an appeal.



