---
title: Prelude
---

<p>She stands on the corner, her shapen hair swaying in the wind. She's well dressed, as always, her dark hair against bright clothes, drawing my eyes towards hers. She smiles and looks right back, locking my gaze, creating a grin on my face.</p>

<p>Within I know that I must walk towards her, a song rises within, a mellow melody, pulling the listener forward into the work, grabbing their mind and dragging it in till the last bittersweet note. A song is starting, and I have to listen, I want to listen, I yearn to listen. So I walk forward towards the orchestra, to see it, to understand it, to watch it play the music, to understand all the notes, the dynamics, the composor and the conductor. Each piece of the group is vital, adding richness, or clarity, or rhythm, as a whole creating a wonderous work of art.</p>

<p>I talk with her, we exchange tones, I provide a harmony to the melody. And she seems like noone other I have met. An appreciation for the finesse of life, but still able to acknowledge the laws and lemmas underneath.</p>

<p>The song now is still just beginning, but the theme is clearly being built. The instruments play off of one another, building, swelling, swooning, and dwindling. The pace is slow but the rhythm fast, the strings on each violin just getting warmed up. Back and forth the bows move, taking from the string only to put it back in. A rest hits, the conductor raises his arms, and the music pauses.</p>

<p>I wonder how the piece will continue, how many microseconds the conductor will hold his arms up, if the strings will jump right in or if the melody will move right to the booming temponis. The room fills with tension as the previous note is yet to be resolved.</p>

<p>I ask the music if it would like to continue, and it replies it would like that. But the rest still hangs, waiting for the conductor to resume his role.</p>

